Dear Applicants of HackYourFuture,

First of all thank you for applying to our program. We’re very glad to see so many of you who want to educate themselves in web-development. We are very excited to get the program started.

Second of all, we’d like to explain you a bit about the selection process regarding the program.

In principle we want to have as much students as possible to enroll in the program. With the proposed program of HackYourFurture we endeavor to provide you possibilities for the near future to develop yourself. Our motivation is driven by our intrinsic care for people,

However, in order to be able to offer you a high quality course, we have certain requirements for our students. The most important one is that we do need your English to be at quite a good level. Learning how to program isn’t easy, but learning it in a language that you don’t understand well,  will make it almost impossible to keep up with the program.

Secondly, in order to learn programming, its really important that you have the time and the motivation to learn. We require our students to study around 30 hours per week, which is quite demanding. Furthermore, everybody who learns how to code will face a lot of problems when learning, and it will be frustrating at some times. It’s important to be determined about wanting to learn to code, in order to succeed in the program.

The following step in your application looks as follows:

Please send a short essay ( max. 300 words) in English in which you describe:

1. Why do you want to learn programming and particularly web-development?

2. What would you like to build if you were are really good programmer?

(doesn’t have to be related to web-development, can be anything related to programming)

You can now apply for the class that starts in September/October, by sending your essay to application@hackyourfuture.net The deadline for this round is Augustus 27th 23:59.

Please also send your CV if you have one.

For more news about the program makes sure to check our website www.hackyourfuture.net

and follow our updates on Facebook https://www.facebook.com/hackyourfuturenow/

Kind regards,

The HackYourFutureTeam
